docs(uib): hr management use cases (#2831)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/applications/pages/ui-builder/bonita-ui-builder-best-practices.adoc

[.card.card-index]
--

> xref:ui-builder/common-apis-to-use.adoc[[.card-title]#Common APIs to use# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Explore the most commonly used APIs and JS objects for building an app like HR Management in UIB.]#]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xref:ui-builder/common-apis-to-use.adoc[[.card-title]#Common APIs to use# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Discover frequently used Bonita APIs to efficiently build complex applications in Bonita UI Builder.]#]
```
